introcude troubleshooting guide (#1499)
google/timesketch: docs/UseSigma.md

## Sigma in Timesketch

Since early 2020 Timesketch has Sigma support implemented. Sigma can be used as an analyser.
The other option is to use Sigma via the API and the API client.

### Install rules

Timesketch deliberately does not provide a set of Sigma rules, as those would add complexity to maintain.

> Instead we recommend to clone [github.com/Neo23x0/sigma](https://github.com/Neo23x0/sigma) to /data/sigma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the official community rules you can clone [github.com/Neo23x0/sigma](https://github.com/Neo23x0/sigma) to /data/sigma.
```

print(rule.es_query)
```

Where the ID is the id of your problematic rule. This will hopefully give you more insight from the web server logs of what caused the problem. E.g.
"Aggregations not implemented for this backend"
It is then recommended to move those rules to a separate folder, maybe even creating a small shell script that does that for you once you pull upstream rules from the Sigma repository.

### How to verify issues

#### Timesketch API / logs

If you have doubt if a rule does work, take the uuid and run python code mentioned above.

#### sigmac

Another option is to run the rule against the official sigma client with the Timesketch sigma mapping file.

For our example from above:

```shell
sigma/tools/sigma$ python3 sigmac.py -t es-qs --config ../../../sigma_config.yaml ../../rules/windows/image_load/sysmon_mimikatz_inmemory_detection.yml
An unsupported feature is required for this Sigma rule (../../rules/windows/image_load/sysmon_mimikatz_inmemory_detection.yml): Aggregations not implemented for this backend
Feel free to contribute for fun and fame, this is open source :) -> https://github.com/Neo23x0/sigma
```

### What to do with problematic rules

> To reduce load on the system it is recommended to not keep the rules in the directory, as it will cause the exception every time the rules folders are parsed (a lot!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce load on the system it is recommended to not keep the problematic rules in the directory, as it will cause the exception every time the rules folders are parsed (a lot!).
```
